  'trailer_cube' is a design concept for a movie trailer website that leverages the power of the Three.js API. Every aspect of the UI on the main page, with the exception of the header and footer, takes place in '3D'. For example, video playback is achieved via a canvas element that's been mapped to a plane in 3-space. When a user clicks on a trailer to play it, no other page is loaded; the camera in the scene is simply positioned in front of the plane containing the video canvas so that playback occurs as expected. Similarly, the buttons that control video playback are images that have been mapped to different planes in the space, which are then positioned in front of the current trailer being viewed, and displayed accordingly.
  The current design allows the user to move the mouse to navigate around the active face of the cube. As of now, there is only one face of the cube available, so a large part of the functionality is missing. The intention is to give the user the ability to access more trailers by clicking to the far left or far right of the active face, which would then rotate the cube 90 degrees, displaying another face of trailers. This application is no longer in development mainly because of the amount of time that would be necessary to maintain a database of the latest movie trailers. It seems a better use of time to focus on developing applications that don't demand such constant attention. In addition to this, there are intellectual property considerations.
  Hopefully, this demo and the code behind it prove useful in some way to those looking for examples of Three.js implementations that focus on HTML5 video as a medium.
